Workflows documentation (#44685)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/workflows/understanding-workflow-definition.adoc

*   `on`: The event that will trigger the workflow. In this case, the workflow is triggered when a new user is added to the realm.
*   `steps`: A set of one or more steps to be executed when executing a workflow execution. In this example, three steps are defined:
    1. The first step uses the built-in `notify-user` action to send a welcome message to the new user.
    2. The second step uses the built-in `set-user-required-action` action to require the user to update their password after 30 days
    3. The third step uses the built-in `restart` action to restart the workflow from the second step so that the user is forced to continuously update their password.

Here is a more detailed look at all settings available from the workflow definition:

`name`::
A unique and user-friendly name to identify the workflow within the realm.
This name is crucial for management and logging purposes.
This setting is mandatory.

`on`::
Define a condition that determines the event that will trigger the workflow.
The condition is written using an expression language that supports a variety of checks on the event.

> This setting is optional.

Author: There is a section `Triggering workflows on events` specific for the `on` setting. I'm covering it there.

`if`::
Define a condition that must be met for the workflow to be triggered.
The condition is written using an expression language that supports a variety of checks on the realm resource
associated with the event.
A workflow execution is only created if the expression evaluates to `true`.
If this setting is omitted, the event defined in the `on` setting will always create the workflow execution.
This setting is optional.

`steps`::

> Define the step chain, with one or more steps, with the sequence of steps to be executed during the lifetime of a workflow execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the step chain consisting of one or more steps to be sequentially executed during the lifetime of a workflow.
```
